So we've been told that one can't ping a waterfall it can ping the loopback of a waterfall and that
looks correct.
Can we trace to the loopback of wrote a file.
It looks like we can't trace trace route.
He's not showing any next tops.
In other words we're not seeing router 2.
We simply seeing packets being dropped.
Show IP BGP.
We also don't have network for the BJP running table but we do see network 15.
In other words we see this network.
So can we ping 15 of one to one or two.
That's the IP address doesn't look like we can.
So we can ping rodder three.
Can we.
Paying Rodek to.
Yes we can.
So in other words we can get from one to the network but we can ping the IP address.
Now on router to see a lot of problems with getting BGP notifications here stating that the neighbor
15 at one end and one or two is in the wrong Autonomy's system.
So based on those output do you know how to fix the network.
When we look at raw history we also see problems notifications are being received from 17:1 one 2 which
has wrought a fall and notifications are being received from 15 1 1 1.
Now when we receive the BJP notification it means that the neighbor relationship is being torn down
when other words reset the neighbor relationship will not come up when a neighbor relationship is reset
so the fact that rotisseries getting those messages from both wrote a full and Rodda to tells us that
theres probably an issue on route three.
Now the fact that we also getting those messages means that we have IP communication to those two routers
and we can prove that by doing pings which work
so have a look at the configuration can you see the problem.
What's the problem in this configuration.
Let's have a look at route a TV show run.
They brought it to his rotisserie.
What's the problem.
Notice rotisseries trying to form a relationship to 15 1 1 to this IP address to a neighbor in Autonomy's
system which is correct per hour diagram.
But when we look at rotisserie we see that BGP is configured in autonomous system number sixty five
thousand five so the wrong autonomous system number has been configured so show IP BGP neighbors an
example shows us that the neighbor relationships are idle 15 one on one is idle 17 1 1 2 idle the neighbor
relationships are being reset because of the wrong Autonomy's system numbers configured now noticed
what happens if I try and enable BGP an autonomous system number 65000 three BGP can only run in one
autonomous system.
So we told that BGP is already running.
So we need to remove the BGP 65000 5 and then enable BGP in the Thomas system number and then we can
paste the configuration back in.
And notice we can see that neighbor relationships have now come up so show I.P DGP neighbors on rodders
three we can see that 15 1 1 1 which is wrong too.
He's now established 17 1 1 2.
He's now established neighbor relationships up.
So show IP BGP we all learning Roths wrote a three can ping the loop back of Route 1 and it can ping
the loopback or proto full that looks a lot better.
So it can run a one ping the loopback of wrote a full Yes it can so trace to run a full trace works.
On wrote a full paying loop back over out of one trace to write a one both ping and trace complete successfully.
So we've now resolved the problem in the network.
If you see messages like these BGP notification peer Imraan autonomy system number it means that either
your neighbor relationship is configured incorrectly or that the local BGP autonomous system number
has been incorrectly configured so check your neighbor's statements and check your local BGP Turnham
system number both sides have to be configured correctly.
With values that are agreed upon by both sides.
If either side is configured incorrectly the BGP relationship will not come up.